Google Sheets API Overview | Google for Developers Skip to main content Google Workspace Home Google Sheets All products Google Workspace apps Admin console Cloud Search Gmail Google Calendar Google Chat Google Classroom Google Docs Google Drive Google Forms Google Keep Google Meet Google Sheets Google Sites Google Slides Google Tasks Google Vault Extend, automate & share Add-ons Apps Script Chat apps Drive apps Marketplace Resources Tools Admin console Apps Script dashboard Google Cloud console APIs Explorer Card Builder Training & support How to get started Codelabs Developer support Updates Release notes Developer Previews YouTube Newsletter X (Twitter) Blog MCP servers Guides Configure Google Workspace MCP servers / English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Google Sheets Overview Guides Reference Samples Support Google Workspace Home Google Sheets Overview Guides Reference Samples Support All products More Resources More MCP servers More Sheets API Overview Get started Overview Configure OAuth consent Choose scopes Quickstarts JavaScript Go Google Apps Script Java Node.js Python Create and manage spreadsheets Read & write cell values Update spreadsheets Date and number formats Smart chips Tables Pivot tables Conditional formatting Filter data Overview Manage data visibility with filters Read, write, and search metadata Connected Sheets Use field masks Use Google Charts Migrate from Sheets API v3 Best practices Batch requests Improve performance Troubleshoot Troubleshoot authentication & authorization Troubleshoot API errors Extend & automate Add-ons Apps Script Google Workspace apps Admin console Cloud Search Gmail Google Calendar Google Chat Google Classroom Google Docs Google Drive Google Forms Google Keep Google Meet Google Sheets Google Sites Google Slides Google Tasks Google Vault Extend, automate & share Add-ons Apps Script Chat apps Drive apps Marketplace Tools Admin console Apps Script dashboard Google Cloud console APIs Explorer Card Builder Training & support How to get started Codelabs Developer support Updates Release notes Developer Previews YouTube Newsletter X (Twitter) Blog Guides Configure Google Workspace MCP servers Home Google Workspace Google Sheets Guides Send feedback Google Sheets API Overview Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. The Google Sheets API is a RESTful interface that lets you read and modify a spreadsheet's data. The Sheets API lets you: Create spreadsheets Read and write spreadsheet cell values Update spreadsheet formatting Manage Connected Sheets The following is a list of common terms used in the Sheets API: Spreadsheet The primary object in Google Sheets. It can contain multiple Sheets , each with structured information contained in Cells . The spreadsheets resource represents a spreadsheet. It contains a unique spreadsheetId value. Spreadsheet ID The unique identifier for a spreadsheet. It's a particular string containing letters, numbers, and some special characters that reference a spreadsheet and it can be derived from the spreadsheet's URL. Spreadsheet IDs are stable, even if the spreadsheet name changes. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/ SPREADSHEET_ID /edit?gid= SHEET_ID #gid= SHEET_ID Sheet A page or tab within a spreadsheet. The Sheets resource represents a sheet. It contains a unique numeric sheetId value and sheet title as part of the SheetProperties object. Sheet ID The unique identifier for a specific sheet within a spreadsheet. It's a particular integer containing numbers that reference a sheet and it can be derived from the spreadsheet's URL. Sheet IDs are stable, even if the sheet name changes. For an example, see Spreadsheet ID . Cell An individual field of text or data within a sheet. Cells are arranged in rows and columns, and can be grouped as a range of cells. The Cells resource represents each cell, but it doesn't have a unique ID value. Instead, row and column coordinates identify the cells. A1 notation A syntax used to define a cell or range of cells with a string that contains the sheet name plus the starting and ending cell coordinates using column letters and row numbers. This method is the most common and useful when referencing an absolute range of cells. Sheet1!A1:B2 refers to all the cells in the first two rows and columns of Sheet1. Sheet1!A:A refers to all the cells in the first column of Sheet1. Sheet1!1:2 refers to all the cells in the first two rows of Sheet1. Sheet1!A5:A refers to all the cells of the first column of Sheet 1, from row 5 onward. A1:B2 refers to all the cells in the first two rows and columns of the first visible sheet. Sheet1 refers to all the cells in Sheet1. 'Jon's_Data'!A1:D5 refers to all the cells in the first five rows and four columns of a sheet named "Jon's_Data." 'My Custom Sheet'!A:A refers to all the cells in the first column of a sheet named "My Custom Sheet." 'My Custom Sheet' refers to all the cells in "My Custom Sheet". Single quotes are required for sheet names with spaces or special characters. Tip : Where possible, use distinct names for objects in your spreadsheets. For example, A1 (without quotes) refers to cell A1 in the first visible sheet. 'A1' refers to a sheet with the name A1. Similarly, Sheet1 refers to a sheet with the name Sheet1. However, if there's a named range titled "Sheet1", then Sheet1 refers to the named range and 'Sheet1' refers to the sheet. R1C1 notation A syntax used to define a cell or range of cells with a string that contains the sheet name plus the starting and ending cell coordinates using row numbers and column numbers. This method is less common than A1 notation, but can be useful when referencing a range of cells relative to a given cell's position. Sheet1!R1C1:R2C2 refers to the first two cells in the top two rows of Sheet1. R1C1:R2C2 refers to the first two cells in the top two rows of the first visible sheet. Sheet1!R[3]C[1] refers to the cell that is three rows below and one column to the right of the current cell. Named range A defined cell or range of cells with a custom name to simplify references throughout an application. A FilterView resource represents a named range. Protected range A defined cell or range of cells that cannot be modified. A ProtectedRange resource represents a protected range. Related topics To learn about developing with Google Workspace APIs, including handling authentication and authorization, refer to Develop on Google Workspace . To learn how to configure and run a Sheets API app, try the JavaScript quickstart . Send feedback Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License , and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License . For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies . Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Last updated 2026-04-20 UTC. Need to tell us more? [[["Easy to understand","easyToUnderstand","thumb-up"],["Solved my problem","solvedMyProblem","thumb-up"],["Other","otherUp","thumb-up"]],[["Missing the information I need","missingTheInformationINeed","thumb-down"],["Too complicated / too many steps","tooComplicatedTooManySteps","thumb-down"],["Out of date","outOfDate","thumb-down"],["Samples / code issue","samplesCodeIssue","thumb-down"],["Other","otherDown","thumb-down"]],["Last updated 2026-04-20 UTC."],[],[]] Blog Read the Google Workspace Developers blog X (Twitter) Follow @workspacedevs on X (Twitter) Code Samples Explore our sample apps or copy them to build your own Codelabs Try a guided, hands-on coding experience Videos Subscribe to our YouTube channel Google Workspace for Developers Platform overview Developer products Release notes Developer support Terms of Service Tools Admin console Apps Script Dashboard Google Cloud console APIs Explorer Connect Blog Newsletter X (Twitter) YouTube Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform Google AI All products Terms Privacy Manage cookies English Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Indonesia Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский עברית العربيّة فارسی हिंदी বাংলা ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어
