Plataforma do Instagram - Documentação - Meta for Developers Plataforma do Instagram Overview Webhooks Create an App Instagram API with Instagram Login API do Instagram com o Login do Facebook Publish Content Comment Moderation Private Replies Insights Como compartilhar no Feed Compartilhar no Stories oEmbed Botão Incorporar Self Messaging Referência da API App Review Support Registro de alterações Voltar para Português (Brasil) Este documento foi atualizado. A tradução para Português (Brasil) não foi concluída ainda. Atualização em inglês: 17 de abr Atualização em Português (Brasil): 24 de jun de 2025 Instagram Platform The Instagram Platform from Meta provides tools to help your app user's interact with Instagram users. Instagram API with Business Login for Instagram The Instagram API with Instagram Login allows users of your app to access data in their Instagram Business and Instagram Creator accounts. This API allows your app to send and receive messages from businesses and creators to Instagram users interested in their business or media, get and publish their media, manage and reply to comments on their media, and identify media where they have been @mentioned by other Instagram users. Requires an Instagram Business or Creator Account. Instagram API with Facebook Login for Business The Instagram API with Facebook Login for Business allows users of your app to access data in their Instagram Business and Instagram Creator accounts that are linked to a Facebook Page. The API can be used to get and publish their media, manage and reply to comments on their media, identify media where they have been @mentioned by other Instagram users, find hashtagged media, and get basic metadata and metrics about other Instagram Businesses and Creators. Requires an Instagram Business or Creator Account linked to a Facbook Page. Instagram Messaging API via Messenger API Messenger API support for Instagram (also known as Instagram Messaging API in our Developer Policies) allows Instagram professional accounts to use your app to manage their Instagram and Facebook Page messages using one platform. The API can be used to send and receive messages from Instagram and Facebook users. Requires an Instagram Business or Creator Account linked to a Facbook Page. Sharing to Stories With Sharing to Stories , your app users can share their content as Instagram stories. Sharing to Feed With Sharing to Feed , your app users can share their content to their Instagram Feed. Embedding Embed Instagram photo and video posts in your websites. -->
